[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Exercise eight is
designed to get you a little bit of
practice playing around with
the notion of streams, and
making your own stream responses.
Let me quickly orient you exercise eight.
>> Kyle Simpson: You'll notice that
exercise eight starts out with a button
and a list, and you're gonna subscribe to
the click event we're using jQuery
here just to make things simple.
So you don't have to worry about DOMstuff.
We're gonna subscribe to the click
event on that button, and
then we're gonna do something.
And it's that something that you're
gonna have to figure out how to do.
But elsewhere in our app,
that is down on line nine,
we're gonna listen to a sequence
that's gonna be a sampled sequence.
So this is what I mean.
Sampling is a time based thing.
So let's say you click the button really,
really fast.
I only wanna hear a single
event every 500 milliseconds.
I wanna throttle that stream,
so I'm gonna have a stream that's coming
fast to send in a bunch of data down.
But I wanna create a composed stream that
only sends me out an event
ever 500 milliseconds.
And ignores and drops all those
repetitive ones that are coming too fast.
And I wanna subscribe to
that sampled stream, and
drop those messages into the list box.
So just to show you visually
what you're gonna be expecting.
Let me pop up the fixed version
of exercise eight, just so
you visually understand what
you're trying to go for here.
So if I click the click me,
it adds a single message to it.
Click it again, it adds another message.
But if I start clicking it really fast,
you'll notice that I'm only getting
one event every 500 milliseconds.
Okay, that's it, that's all we're doing.
You play around with how you can set
yourself up with a set interval,
and sample a stream and
see what you come up with.
So we'll take about, let's call this 15
minutes for you to play around with this.
It's not a lot of code.
If you need some hints,
look at the fixed version.
But this should get your brain starting
to think about events as our pattern
for async.